Multiple Receive API Support (#4182)
microsoft/msquic: docs/api/StreamReceiveComplete.md

# Remarks

This is an asynchronous API but can run inline if called in a callback.

> The application without setting `StreamMultiReceiveEnabled` must ensure that one `StreamReceiveComplete` call corresponds to one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event.

Author: ```suggestion
The application, without setting `StreamMultiReceiveEnabled`, must ensure that one `StreamReceiveComplete` call corresponds to one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event.
```

Duplicate `StreamReceiveComplete` calls after one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event are ignored silently even with different `BufferLength`.

> `StreamMultiReceiveEnabled` modes doesn't follow this rule. Multiple `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` can be released at once by `StreamReceiveComplete`. The application need to keep track of accumulated `TotalBufferLength` with this mode.

Author: ```suggestion
The `StreamMultiReceiveEnabled` mode doesn't follow this rule. Multiple `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` events can be indicated at once by `StreamReceiveComplete`. The application needs to keep track of accumulated `TotalBufferLength` with this mode.
```
